Release v0.37 (#901)
TuringLang/DynamicPPL.jl: HISTORY.md

# DynamicPPL Changelog

## 0.37.0

DynamicPPL 0.37 comes with a substantial reworking of its internals.

> Fundamentally, there is no change to the actual modelling syntax: if you are a Turing.jl user, for example, this release is unlikely to affect you much.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fundamentally, there is no change to the actual modelling syntax: if you are a Turing.jl user, for example, this release will not affect you too much (apart from the changes to `@addlogprob!`).
```
